Karin has an issue with a frisky
neighbor Steve my problem is really
rather delicate I have neighbors who
have a Great Dane and they think of that
dog as their child every time I try to
leave my house
this dog comes over jumps on me sticks
his nose and drools around my lady parts
leaving giant stains now not only is
this embarrassing but it's causing me
some big dry-cleaning bills I'm
wondering if you can tell me how I can
handle a discussion about this dog's
heavy petting without getting the
neighbors mad not a saint a discussion
you need to have this a lawsuit right
here it's a lawsuit we take the damn dog
to court it's what we're gonna do we're
gonna take the dog to court see what you
just told me was he drools on your lady
parts we suing the dog for sexual
harassment that's already bigger a Great
Dane coming out the house big old nasty
dogs and we're drooling on my white lady
part I am the only
Wow
thank you Steve
can I just say to thank you for your
humor
thank you for your sensitivity you're a
real man but you still support women and
thank you for your faith that sustains
us all you read the book are you
highlighted highlight that's a purple
and my husband said it would never
happen he said what a million you never
signed fuck and that goes at husband
wrong again
Thank You doll that was really nice of
me to say that Pam that's really nice of
you to say that wow that was pretty
interesting well that's it for a Steve
thanks for coming I'm going home